https://www.awwwards.com/terms/


Legal Terms
Confidence, like art, never comes from having all the answers it comes from being open to all the questions.

Terms and legal conditions
By accessing our website and/or using our services, you agree to be bound by the following terms and conditions.

If you do not agree to be bound by these terms, you should leave the website immediately and refrain from using our services.

Any changes to this policy will be posted on this page. By accessing our website after such changes are posted, you indicate your acceptance of the revised policy. You should check this page regularly to ensure you are always aware of our terms and conditions.

Awwwards does not guarantee the accuracy, reliability or continuity of any of the information on this website. The content and services offered on this website are for general purposes only and are not intended to address your individual requirements.

All material contained on this website is the property of Awwwards. All rights are reserved and any unauthorized use or reproduction is strictly prohibited. Our content may not be used for commercial purposes unless expressly authorized by Awwwards.

Websites featured on our site remain the intellectual property of their creators. However, by submitting a site, you agree to its publication on our site and reproduction in other publications produced by Awwwards.

Awwwards accepts no responsibility for the information and/ or content provided on any of our winners' websites.

Awwwards accepts no responsibility for changes made to any winning site subsequent to its appearance on Awwwards. Altered designs and/ or content may be removed from our database with immediate effect if it is felt that the site in its current form does not meet our standards and criteria.

Evaluation system
By submitting a site for an Awwward, you confirm that you have read and accept the following and agree to accept the outcome of the vote in accordance with our evaluation system and criteria as outlined below.

Our intention is to be fair when evaluating each website submitted for an Awwward, so we’ve created an evaluation system based on 4 criteria: Design, Creativity, Usability and Content.

Directory and Submission Fees
a. By subscribing to the Awwwards directory and using the other services offered by Awwwards, you agree to the current terms and conditions of the site.

b. There are three directory plans available:

Basic: No annual cost. Features include: adding your profile to one directory in one country.

Professional: Annual cost of €150 ($165). Features include: adding your profile to 3 categories in one country.

International: Annual cost of €1500 ($1750). Features include: adding your profile to 5 categories, worldwide.

c. You can opt to upgrade or downgrade your service agreement to any other contract agreement that Awwwards is currently offering for sale at any time during your contract term. In the event of a contract downgrade, a discount credit will be issued to your Awwwards account for the difference in the cost of the two contracts over the remainder of your original contract term. This credit can be applied to future months of service with Awwwards, and is in no way transferable to a cash refund.

d. At the end of the contract term, your contract will automatically renew for an additional contract term until explicitly cancelled by you. Cancellation must be issued via your user panel or via Awwwards customer support. Any cancellation issued via your user panel must be completed at least one (1) working day prior to the end of the contract term. Any cancellation carried out via Awwwards customer support must be carried out at least three (3) working days prior to the end of the contract term to allow for adequate processing time.

e. Only Services and features clearly indicated as "free" are free or without charge. It is not the responsibility of Awwwards to provide free support to you in the use and operation of Awwwards.

f. If you purchase any Services that we offer for a Fee, you agree to both Awwwards and our third party service providers to store your payment information. You give express permission for us to charge you for (i) a monthly Fee for any applicable Services, billed on a monthly basis, (ii) any other Fees for Services you may purchase, and (iii) any applicable taxes in connection with your use of the Services to the payment card you provide and to reimburse us for all collection costs and interest for any overdue amounts. If the card information you provide expires and you do not provide new card information, or cancel your bank account, you authorize us to continue billing you and you agree to remain responsible for any uncollected Fees.

Market
a. Before being published, the product must be accepted by the awwwards team who will check for:

- Veracity
- Quapty
- Price
- Comppance with standards

b. It’s forbidden to upload images that do not correspond to the product.

c. It’s forbidden to use descriptions or advertising different to the company that manages the product.

d. Product urls must not lead to generic galleries or Home pages.

e. The price shown must not differ from the final price offered on the referred site.

f. The product must not differ from the description or the image sent to awwwards.

g. The product may be removed at any time without refund if:

- Conditions are changed after publication.
- If any user complains about the conditions or the quality offered.
- If the url changes and leads to a place other than the product itself.
- If any type of surreptitious advertising is detected.
- If product conditions or quality change.
- If awwwards requests a sample of the product and the bidder cannot supply the sample to verify its quality.
- If the awwwards team considers that the product does not meet the minimum standards (quality, type of product, price, etc.)

h. The description of the product must include everything related to the product itself and its quality - misleading advertising or confusing descriptions will not be accepted.

i. Misleading images that do not correspond to the product or that include advertising or are manipulated to attract attention are not allowed.

j. Subscription products are not allowed.

k. WEB TEMPLATES OF ANY KIND ARE NOT ALLOWED.

l. Services cannot be advertised.

m. Once the product has been published, it will appear in the list in order of inclusion, both in general and in the category to which it belongs.

n. If, once the process has started, your product is not accepted, said product will be refunded in the form of a new slot (credit) to upload another product. Money will not be refunded.

Termination
a. Services may be terminated by us, without cause, at any time.

b. Services may be terminated by you, without cause, by following the cancellation procedures: (i) via your user panel or (ii) via Awwwards customer support.

c. Awwwards may terminate Services at any time, without penalty and without notice if you fail to comply with any of the terms of this Agreement or the intellectual property protections applicable to these Services.

d. Notice of termination of Services by Awwwards may be sent to the contact e-mail associated with your account. Upon termination, Awwwards has the right to delete all data, files, or other information that is stored in your account.

Returns & Refunds
Website submissions

When submitting a website, Awwwards offers refunding within 5 days after the submission in case the user considers awwwards.com hasn't complied with the service proposal.

Users should note that submitting a site to Awwwards does not guarantee they will receive a score from the judges. Only sites awarded "Site of the Day" will receive their scores, by means of their publication on our site.

Books

Awwwards offers returns within 14 days of receipt of shipment.

If the item purchased arrived damaged or defective Awwwards will take full responsibility and will assume the shipping costs.

If the reason for the return is not a result of an Awwwards error, the cost of return shipping will be deducted from your refund.

Awwwards cannot accept returns of items purchased in 3rd party stores. Returning and refunding will then be subject to their returning policy.

If purchased at awwwards.com and return is accepted within 14 days, your refund request will be processed instantly. However, it may take 2-3 business days for it to display on your credit card statement.

In order to get a full refund items must be in new condition and returned with all original packaging and accessories.

Awwwards Academy Refund Policies

Courses & Workshops:

- When a course is bought on pre-order, a refund can be requested within 14 days of the course being available to view.

- When a ready-to-watch course is bought, a refund can be requested within 14 days.

- If the user has viewed over 40% of the course, no refunds will be given.

To request a refund please give a reason for your request so the teacher understands your decision and can improve the quality and the experience of their course.

Privacy policy

The contact and personal information we collect about you will never be shared outside of Awwwards.

We may photograph or videotape speakers and attendees for use in online or printed promotions. By virtue of your attendance, you grant us the right to take such photos or videos and to use your likeness in such materials.

Submission Policy

Awwwards does not accept websites containing nudity or sexual, violent, or illegal content.

In the case of suspected plagiarism, please send links of both sites to awwwards@awwwards.com and we will resend the sites to the jury to be reviewed.

When submitting a website, Awwwards offers refunding within 5 days after the submission in case the user considers awwwards.com hasn't complied with the service proposal.

Users should note that submitting a site to Awwwards does not guarantee they will receive a score from the judges. Only sites awarded "Site of the Day" will receive their scores, by means of their publication on our site.

If you have any queries about the website or these terms, you can contact us by e-mail, telephone or post: awwwards@awwwards.com - +34960094069.







Privacy policy
We respect the privacy of everyone who visits our site. We do not collect personal information about our users without their knowledge and prior consent. No scripts or devices are used for this purpose. In order to use certain features of our website we may ask you to register by entering some personal information. This information is given voluntarily and will be used only as stated in the paragraphs below. This information will not be given, traded or sold to any third party without the user's knowledge and prior consent.

The information provided upon registration, with the exception of your e-mail address, will be displayed on your user profile and we reserve the right to use it in other publications produced by Awwwards. By registering, you indicate your acceptance of these conditions. Further information may be provided at the user’s discretion but is not compulsory.

When you submit a website for an Awwward, you will be asked to provide some information about the project. This information will be published on our site and we reserve the right to use it in other publications produced by Awwwards. By submitting your site, you indicate your acceptance of these conditions.

We collect some information such as: 1) Pages visited, 2) Click stream data and 3) Other browsing information, for administrative purposes and to improve our website and services.

Cookies: This website does not use cookies, but it does use third party technologies which use them to provide useful features and services. Cookies identify a user's computer, not the individual user. Most browsers are set to accept cookies by default. You can always set your browser to refuse cookies, but you may not be able to use all the features of our site.

Children: Awwwards complies with the requirements of the Children's Online Privacy Protection Act. Awwwards will not knowingly accept submissions or correspondence from children under 13 years of age without written permission from their parents or legal guardians.